gh-132558: Improve `argparse` docs on combining `type` and `choices` (#133827)
python/cpython: Doc/library/argparse.rst

   game.py: error: argument move: invalid choice: 'fire' (choose from 'rock',
   'paper', 'scissors')

Any sequence can be passed as the *choices* value, so :class:`list` objects,
:class:`tuple` objects, and custom sequences are all supported.

Use of :class:`enum.Enum` is not recommended because it is difficult to
control its appearance in usage, help, and error messages.

> Note that inclusion in the *choices* sequence is checked after any type_
> conversions have been performed, so the type of the objects in the *choices*
> sequence should match the type_ specified. This may interfere with
> the display of the choices in usage, help and error messages, because the
> *choices* may not be familiar to the end-user.
> 
> If you have to use both *type* and *choices* you can use a wrapper class
> that formats the value after type conversion back to the vocabulary of the
> end-user. However, it is usually easier to not specify *type* and perform
> type conversion in application code.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that inclusion in the *choices* sequence is checked after any type_
conversions have been performed, so the type of the objects in the *choices*
sequence should match the type_ specified.

If you want *choices* to be compared against a formatted or transformed 
value, consider using a custom wrapper class for type_ that performs the 
conversion and formatting during parsing instead.

```

Author: @savannahostrowski The reason I included the line you suggest removing, was that during discussion on ODP, some people mentioned this specifically as advice. Also, in other places in the documentation of `argparse`, people recommend against making the `type` function do too much and limit it too simple types like `float` and `int`.

In general, the recommendation to not use `type` in this scenario seems sound. It leads to less lines of code in user space than creating a wrapper class as workaround. Also, when implementing wrapper classes I noticed that I typically had to cast the value from the wrapper back into the intended class. I would not want to point the user into the wrong direction without also pointing to a more pragmatic solution.

However, it is up to you if you think the last line is unacceptable.

Reviewer: Hmmm, I see your point. Workshopping a bit here, what if we went a bit more concise with something like:

```suggestion
Note that *choices* are checked after any type_ 
conversions have been performed, so objects in *choices* 
should match the type_ specified. This can make *choices* 
appear unfamiliar in usage, help, or error messages.

To keep *choices* user-friendly, consider a custom type wrapper that 
converts and formats values, or omit type_ and handle conversion in 
your application code.
```

Author: Perfect :+1:  Thank you!

   game.py: error: argument move: invalid choice: 'fire' (choose from 'rock',
   'paper', 'scissors')

Any sequence can be passed as the *choices* value, so :class:`list` objects,
:class:`tuple` objects, and custom sequences are all supported.

Formatted choices override the default *metavar* which is normally derived
from *dest*.  This is usually what you want because the user never sees the
*dest* parameter.  If this display isn't desirable (perhaps because there are

> many choices), just specify an explicit metavar_.

Reviewer 2: This should not be inbetween the choices notes.

Author: It was already with the `choices` documentation. Where would you move it to?

Reviewer 2: You should move the text you added above it.

Note that inclusion in the *choices* sequence is checked after any type_
conversions have been performed, so the type of the objects in the *choices*
sequence should match the type_ specified. This may interfere with
the display of the choices in usage, help and error messages, because the
*choices* may not be familiar to the end-user.

Use of :class:`enum.Enum` is not recommended because it is difficult to

> control its appearance in these messages.

Reviewer 2: I think it's previous place was fine, it continued naturally from the previous point.

   game.py: error: argument move: invalid choice: 'fire' (choose from 'rock',
   'paper', 'scissors')

Any sequence can be passed as the *choices* value, so :class:`list` objects,
:class:`tuple` objects, and custom sequences are all supported.

Use of :class:`enum.Enum` is not recommended because it is difficult to
control its appearance in usage, help, and error messages.

Note that *choices* are checked after any type_
conversions have been performed, so objects in *choices*
should match the type_ specified. This can make *choices*
appear unfamiliar in usage, help, or error messages.

To keep *choices* user-friendly, consider a custom type wrapper that
converts and formats values, or omit type_ and handle conversion in

> your application code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your application code.

```
